checkout integration by Vue (#1)
airwallex/airwallex-payment-demo: vue/README.md

# demointegration

> checkout demo integration by merchant

## Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies

> npm install
> 
> # serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
> npm run dev
> 
> # build for production with minification
> npm run build
> 
> # build for production and view the bundle analyzer report
> npm run build --report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
yarn dev

# build for production with minification
yarn build

# build for production and view the bundle analyzer report
yarn build --report
```

Reviewer: since using yarn, probably rename npm to yarn, lol
